Daddy, good evening Sir
This is Bro. Mike, and I write to notify you that I've received my package from the retreat and I've been unpacking. It may seem short, stressful and ordinary, but 21-21th October 2022 marked a threshold that ushered me into the next & higher chapter of my life. 
I want to thank You sir for giving Me such a Life Changing Invite
I promise to bring Tangible Fruits & Proofs..
Thank You once again Sir
I remain grateful

PS:
When God's servant declared that those who didnt attend had all been suspended, within me, I didnt understand how that could be achieved considering the fact that the occupiers of these offices are very crucial to the operation and smooth running of the Service of the House of God. 
But tonight, my eyes were opened to see that in that meeting, we were all promoted. Every single person and thing in that place received a rub off. That Atmosphere was charged and life-changing. Yet, the Word, "Suspension" is one that couldnt give me peace deep inside. 
I fear that word cos it sounds like stagnation 2 me. It may sound light & seem harmless now, but that decree was given in the presence of very Powerful angels.
Just as a pregnant woman looks d same on first day, thats how we'd all look the same for now. But slowly but steadily, we'd start noticing some changes. 
Part of the reason why I took the courage to note and deliver this text to you Sir, is so that, like a good Physician, You will be able to reach an accurate conclusion fast once you begin to sense noticable changes. Special angels were dispatched and assigned and even re-assigned on that spot we all gathered. 
In my opinion, I can beat my chest & say That ground is a Holy Ground Sir. 
Its a Big Altar. One that I have marked and will always take note off.
Please Sir, Its my honest plea that You use your good office to work out a plan or programme to get my beloved brethren to partake in this Gigantic Blessing.
Please sir, I have no idea how You will do it because I dont really know or understand how suspension processes are managed. But Sir, kindly work out a plan that will enable my brethren to partake in this blessings. Because I take very seriously, the Word of God spoken through the Mouth of the Man of God on the Altar.

Please fogive my style of writing.. I know its my fist time writing you sir. 
But I sense energy strongly. very strongly sir.  Am partly alive to the other realm. 
Also, Iam the son of a Prophetess. One that served God. 
The mantle's still in the family

Good night sir
